Hey, what's going on?
Kobayashi
What's your bet?
Hey, if you have any trouble, just tell me.
Today I'm here to see who dares to give you an wronged beast
Li Yaozu Unextinguished My Excitement Ring
Also made me a crazy demon
And let my dad go up the mountain of knives and go down the sea of fire
Got hurt all over
The most hateful thing is
They also forced me
want
I married an old man who beat several wives to death
Sticks are ridiculous
Bright daylight
How can there be such a shameless person?
Do such a heinous thing
Look
It was all my fault before Jinbao
Yaozu and I are also in the mind of the ghost gate for a while
For the sake of our brotherhood
Don't tell me about it.
Now I know my dad is my brother
When my dad begged you just now
You can take brotherhood from the slightest consideration
I'll tell you what.
Stop kidnapping me and my dad here
What did you just do to me and my dad?
I want it back 1:1